[SERVER-1666] 4.0 vm (#6839)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server/Operator/vm-service.adoc

This section describes the available configuration options for VM service. Refer to the default `values.yaml`` file for details on how to pre-scale virtual machines.

#UPDATE THESE LINKS BELOW#

toc::[]

CAUTION: We recommend that you leave these options at their defaults until you have successfully configured and verified the core and build services of your server installation. Steps to set up VM service are provided in the installation guide for  https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/server-3-install-build-services/#eks[AWS] and https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/server-3-install-build-services/#gke[GCP].

WARNING: If https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/docker-layer-caching/[Docker Layer Caching (DLC)] is used, VM Service instances need to be spun up on demand. For this to happen, **either** ensure any preallocated instances are in use, **or** set both remote Docker and `machine` preallocated instance fields to `0`.

CAUTION: When using preallocated instances be aware that a cron job is scheduled to cycle through these instances once per day to ensure they do not end up in an unworkable state.

== VM service settings

> You need to provide the hostname/IP for your VM service load balancer:

Reviewer: @lloydChris could you check this section? Does running this command give you the info needed to full in these parts of `values.yaml`:

```
region: <region>
      # Subnets must be in the same availability zone
      subnets:
      - <subnet-id>
      securityGroupId: <security-group-id>
```

Author: Good catch.  I removed the section, it is no longer nessisary

==== Authentication
One of the following options is required. Either select "IAM Keys" and provide:

* *Access Key ID* (required): https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html[Access Key ID] for EC2 access.
* *Secret Key* (required): https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html[Secret Key] for EC2 access.
NOTE: The Access Key and Secret
Key used by VM Service differs from the policy used by object storage in the previous section.

Or select "IAM role" and provide:

* *Role ARN* (required): 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html[Role ARN for Service Accounts] (Amazon Resource Name) for EC2 access.

```
vm_service:
  providers:
    ec2:
      enabled: true
      region: <region>
      # Subnets must be in the same availability zone
      subnets:
      - <subnet-id>
      securityGroupId: <security-group-id>

      # Authenticate with IAM access keys
      accessKey: <access-key>
      secretKey: <secret-key>
      # or IRSA (IAM roles for service accounts)
      irsaRole: <role-arn>

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we should include windowsAMI, linuxAMI, and tags here, as well.

Author: My thought was to keep these instructions limited to a very "standard" example.  The values.yaml file itself can be the source of more advanced configuration options.

----

=== Google Cloud Platform

> You will need to add a section to your values.yaml file to configure your VM Service to work with AWS EC2. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You will need to add a section to your values.yaml file to configure your VM Service to work with Google Cloud Platform (GCP). 
```

https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/access/iam#compute.instanceAdmin[Compute Instance Admin (beta) role] documentation as reference.

If you choose to use a *GCP Service Account JSON file*, use the contents of your https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts[service account JSON file] for `service-account` below

Or

If you choose to use *GCP IAM Workload Identity*, use the VM service account email address (`service-account-name`@`project-id`.iam.gserviceaccount.com ) which you have created https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/server-3-install-build-services/#gcp-3[here] in point 2 & 3 for the `workloadIdentity` field below.

```
vm_service:
  enabled: true
  replicas: 1
  providers:
    gcp:
      enabled: false
      project_id: <project-id>
      network_tags:
      - circleci-vm
      - <your-network>
      zone: <zone>
      network: <network>
      subnetwork: <subnetwork>

      service_account: <service-account-json>
      # OR
      workloadIdentity: ""  # Leave blank if using JSON keys of service account else service account email address

>       

Reviewer 2: Can we also include windowsImage and linuxImage here?
